New README (#1553)
zenml-io/zenml: README.md

      <ul>
        <li><a href="#-deploy-zenml">Deploy ZenML</a></li>
        <li><a href="#-deploy-stack-components">Deploy Stack Components</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#-roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#-contributing-and-community">Contributing and Community</a></li>
    <li><a href="#-getting-help">Getting Help</a></li>
    <li><a href="#-license">License</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<br />

# 🤖 Introduction

🤹 ZenML is an extensible, open-source MLOps framework for creating portable,
production-ready MLOps pipelines. It's built for Data Scientists, ML Engineers,
and MLOps Developers to collaborate as they develop to production. 
Configurability and extensibility are maximized for each persona 
(Data Scientist, ML Engineer, MLOps Developer) while hiding all complexity
outside their area of expertise.

![The long journey from experimentation to production.](docs/book/.gitbook/assets/intro-zenml-overview.png)

ZenML offers a simple and flexible syntax, is cloud- and tool-agnostic, and has
interfaces/abstractions catered toward ML workflows.
With ZenML you centralize the management of all your favorite tools,

> so you can tailor a workflow that caters to your specific needs.

Author: Good question, I feel the concept of "setting up a best practices system to transition ML pipelines into production" is just hard to express in an engaging way. Happy to take any input though

> ZenML offers a simple and flexible syntax, is cloud- and tool-agnostic, and has
> interfaces/abstractions catered toward ML workflows.
> With ZenML you centralize the management of all your favorite tools,
> so you can tailor a workflow that caters to your specific needs.

Reviewer: How about something like:

```suggestion
ZenML offers a simple and flexible syntax, is cloud- and tool-agnostic, and has
interfaces/abstractions catered toward ML workflows.
With ZenML you centralize the management of all your ML pipelines and
help data scientists write code once, but deploy to any infrastructure target seamlessly
```

      <ul>
        <li><a href="#-installation">Installation</a></li>
        <li><a href="#-run-a-pipeline">Run a pipeline</a></li>
        <li><a href="#-start-the-local-dashboard">Start the local Dashboard</a></li>
        <li><a href="#-zenbytes">ZenBytes</a></li>
        <li><a href="#-zenml-projects">ZenML Projects</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#-infrastructure-requirements">Infrastructure Requirements</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#-deploy-zenml">Deploy ZenML</a></li>
        <li><a href="#-deploy-stack-components">Deploy Stack Components</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#-roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#-contributing-and-community">Contributing and Community</a></li>
    <li><a href="#-getting-help">Getting Help</a></li>
    <li><a href="#-license">License</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<br />

# 🤖 Introduction

🤹 ZenML is an extensible, open-source MLOps framework for creating portable,
production-ready machine learning pipelines. By decoupling infrastructure from
code, ZenML enables developers across your organization to collaborate more
effectively as they develop to production.

> - 🧑‍💼 ZenML gives data scientists the freedom to fully focus on modeling and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-💼ZenML gives data scientists the freedom to fully focus on modeling and
```

  experimentation while writing code that is production-ready from the get-go.

- 👨‍💻 ZenML empowers ML engineers to take ownership of the entire ML lifecycle
  end-to-end. Adopting ZenML means fewer handover points and more visibility on
  what is happening in your organization.

> - 🧑‍✈️ ZenML enables MLOps infrastructure experts to define, deploy, and manage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-🛫ZenML enables MLOps infrastructure experts to define, deploy, and manage
```

  sophisticated production environments that are easy to share with colleagues.

> ![The long journey from experimentation to production.](docs/book/.gitbook/assets/intro-zenml-overview.png)

Reviewer 2: Doesn't this diagram seems a bit complicated to read and it's to much for the early start of the README?

> ZenML provides a user-friendly syntax designed for ML workflows, compatible with any cloud or tool. It enables centralized pipeline management, allowing data scientists to write code once and effortlessly deploy it across various infrastructures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZenML provides a user-friendly syntax designed for ML workflows, compatible with any cloud or tool. It enables centralized pipeline management, allowing developers to write code once and effortlessly deploy it across various infrastructures.
```

        <li><a href="#-start-the-local-dashboard">Start the local Dashboard</a></li>
        <li><a href="#-zenbytes">ZenBytes</a></li>
        <li><a href="#-zenml-projects">ZenML Projects</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#-infrastructure-requirements">Infrastructure Requirements</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#-deploy-zenml">Deploy ZenML</a></li>
        <li><a href="#-deploy-stack-components">Deploy Stack Components</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#-roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#-contributing-and-community">Contributing and Community</a></li>
    <li><a href="#-getting-help">Getting Help</a></li>
    <li><a href="#-license">License</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<br />

# 🤖 Introduction

🤹 ZenML is an extensible, open-source MLOps framework for creating portable,
production-ready machine learning pipelines. By decoupling infrastructure from
code, ZenML enables developers across your organization to collaborate more
effectively as they develop to production.

- 🧑‍💼 ZenML gives data scientists the freedom to fully focus on modeling and
  experimentation while writing code that is production-ready from the get-go.

> - 👨‍💻 ZenML empowers ML engineers to take ownership of the entire ML lifecycle

Reviewer: Only one emoji here but two for the other two seems odd :-(

Author: ah seems like its breaking them apart on your end - if you check this link: https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/tree/feature/FRW-1880-readme-rehaul you will see that each one of them is only one emoji. In my pycharm as well. Would you mind picking emojis that don't break apart and just commiting here?

  end-to-end. Adopting ZenML means fewer handover points and more visibility on
  what is happening in your organization.

- 🧑‍✈️ ZenML enables MLOps infrastructure experts to define, deploy, and manage
  sophisticated production environments that are easy to share with colleagues.

![The long journey from experimentation to production.](docs/book/.gitbook/assets/intro-zenml-overview.png)

> ZenML offers a simple and flexible syntax, is cloud- and tool-agnostic, and has
> interfaces/abstractions catered toward ML workflows.
> With ZenML you centralize the management of all your ML pipelines and
> help data scientists write code once, but deploy to any infrastructure target
> seamlessly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZenML provides a user-friendly syntax designed for ML workflows, compatible with any cloud or tool. It enables centralized pipeline management, allowing data scientists to write code once and effortlessly deploy it across various infrastructures.
```
